{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green240\blue193;\red16\green60\blue192;
\red9\green9\blue9;\red23\green23\blue23;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red0\green0\blue233;\red26\green26\blue26;\red193\green193\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c94902\c80000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;
\cssrgb\c3137\c3137\c3137;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c19608\c19608\c19608;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Updated (and hopefully complete) ethnocomm bibliography
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 * Most recent publications (2015-present) are highlighted in \cb3 this\cb1  color
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Baxter, L. A. (1987). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/026540758700400302"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Symbols of relationship identity in relationship cultures.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Social and Personal Relationships
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 4
\f2\i0 , 261-280.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Baxter, L. (1993). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00909889309365376"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Talking things through\'94 and \'93putting it in writing\'94: Two codes of communication in an academic institution.}}
\f3\i  Journal of Applied Communication Research
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 21
\f2\i0 (4), 313\'96326. DOI: 10.1080/00909889309365376
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Baxter, L. A. & Goldsmith, D. (1990). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/10570319009374348"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Cultural terms for communication events among some American high school adolescents.}} 
\f3\i Western Journal of Speech Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 54
\f2\i0 , 377-394.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Blum-Kulka, S. & Katriel, T. (1991). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/18191089/Blum_Kulka_S_and_T_Katriel_1991_Nicknaming_Practices_in_Families_A_Cross_Cultural_Perspective_International_and_Intercultural_Communication_Annual_15_58_78"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Nicknaming practices in families: A cross-cultural perspective}}.
\f3\i International and Intercultural Communication Annual
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 15
\f2\i0 , 58-78.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2017). Cultural communication, overview. In Kim, Y. Y. (Ed.), 
\f3\i International Encyclopedia of Intercultural Communication 
\f2\i0 (pp. 459-467). John Wiley and Sons.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.thefreelibrary.com/What+we+need+is+good+communication%3A+vernacular+globalization+in+some...-a0491909988"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 What we need is good communication: Vernacular globalization in some Hungarian speech.}} 
\f3\i International Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 10
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 4600-4619.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2015). Hate speech. In Tracy, K. (Ed.), 
\f3\i International Encyclopedia of Language and Social Interaction 
\f2\i0 (pp. 715-725). Wiley-Blackwell.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 \uc0\u8203 \u8203 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2015). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/8779163/The_communal_dilemma_as_a_cultural_resource_in_Hungarian_political_expression_book_chapter_2015_"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The communal dilemma as a cultural resource in Hungarian political expression.}} In Hariman, R. & Cintron, R. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Culture, Catastrophe, and Rhetoric: The Texture of Political Action 
\f2\i0 (pp. 25-46)
\f3\i . 
\f2\i0 Berghahn Books.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.5325/j.ctt32bb7q"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speaking hatefully: Culture, communication, and political action in Hungary
\f2\i0 .}}Pennsylvania State University Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2007). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.academia.edu/1505812/Freedom_of_expression_hate_speech_and_models_of_personhood_in_Hungarian_political_discourse_Communication_Law_Review_2007_"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Freedom of expression, hate speech, and models of personhood in Hungarian political discourse.}} 
\f3\i Communication Law Review
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 7
\f2\i0 , 54-74.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2007). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.academia.edu/1505812/Freedom_of_expression_hate_speech_and_models_of_personhood_in_Hungarian_political_discourse_Communication_Law_Review_2007_"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Freedom of expression, hate speech, and models of personhood in Hungarian political discourse.}} 
\f3\i Communication Law Review
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  7
\f2\i0 (1), 54-74.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2010).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/232390657_How_are_political_concepts_'essentially'_contested"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  How are political concepts \'91essentially\'92 contested?}} 
\f3\i Language & Communication,30
\f2\i0 (4)
\f3\i ,
\f2\i0  276-284. DOI:10.1016/j.langcom.2010.04.002
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D., & Fang, Y. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://academic.oup.com/ct/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/ct/qtz042/5850127?redirectedFrom=fulltext"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Rethinking the Ethnography of Communication\'92s conception of value in the context of globalization.}} 
\f3\i Communication Theory
\f2\i0 .
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D., & Xiong, B. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/40040956/Intercultural_Communication_and_Security"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Intercultural communication and security.}} In B. C. Taylor, & H. Bean (Eds.), 
\f3\i The handbook of communication and security
\f2\i0  (pp. 121-135). New York: Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D., & Reinig, L. (2018). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17513057.2018.1428765"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speech genres and cultural value in the Anglo-American public speaking course as a site of language socialization.}} 
\f3\i Journal of International and Intercultural Communication, 11
\f2\i0 (2)
\f3\i , 
\f2\i0 117-135. doi:10.1080/17513057.2018.1428765
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D., Sprain, L., Shrikant, N., Reinig, L., and Peters, K. (2018). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/38593196/Cultural_Discourse_Analysis_within_an_Ecosystem_of_Discourse_Analytic_Approaches_Connections_and_Boundaries"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Cultural discourse analysis within an ecosystem of discourse analytic approaches: Connections and boundaries. }}In Scollo, M. & Milburn, T. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Engaging and transforming global communication through cultural discourse analysis: A tribute to Donal Carbaugh 
\f2\i0 (pp. 297-311). Rowman & Littlefield.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D., Hughes, J., & Malkowski, J. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/290653490_Public_speaking_as_cultural_ideal_Internationalizing_the_public_speaking_curriculum"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Public speaking as cultural ideal: Internationalizing the public speaking curriculum.}} 
\f3\i Journal of International and Intercultural Communication, 9
\f2\i0 (1)
\f3\i ,
\f2\i0  20-34. doi: 10.1080/17513057.2016.1120847
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Boromisza-Habashi, D., & P\'e1l, G. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/271745877_Hate_Speech_and_Constitutional_Democracy_in_Eastern_Europe_Transitional_and_Militant_Czech_Republic_Hungary_and_Poland"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The discourse of dictatorship in Central Eastern Europe and the case of Hungarian \'93hate speech.\'94}}
\f0\b  
\f2\b0 In D. Carbaugh (Ed.), 
\f3\i The handbook of communication in cross-cultural perspective
\f2\i0  (pp. 287-298). New York, NY: Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Boromisza-Habashi, D., & Parks, R. (2014). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10570314.2013.813061"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The communal function of social interaction on an online academic newsgroup.}} 
\f3\i Western Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  78
\f2\i0 (2),
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 194-212. doi:10.1080/10570314.2013.813061\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Boromisza-Habashi, D., & Mart\'ednez-Guillem, S. (2012). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.academia.edu/1182519/Comparing_Language_and_Social_Interaction"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Comparing language and social interaction.}} In F. Esser & T. Hanitzsch (Eds.), 
\f3\i Handbook of comparative communication research
\f2\i0  (pp. 134-147). New York: Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Carbaugh, D. (2017). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://api.taylorfrancis.com/content/chapters/edit/download?identifierName=doi&identifierValue=10.4324/9781315709321-12&type=chapterpdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Terms for talk, take 2: Theorizing communication through its cultural terms and practices. }}\cf6 \strokec6 In \cf5 \strokec5 Carbaugh, D. (Ed.), T
\f3\i he handbook of \cf6 \strokec6 communication \cf5 \strokec5 in cultural perspective 
\f2\i0 (pp. 15-28). Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Carbaugh, D. (2007). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/238318676_Cultural_Discourse_Analysis_Communication_Practices_and_Intercultural_Encounters"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Cultural discourse analysis: The investigation of communication practices with special attention to intercultural encounters.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Intercultural Communication Research
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 36
\f2\i0 , 167-182.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/242280407_Cultures_in_Conversation"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Cultures in conversation
\f2\i0 .}} Erlbaum. [Full text attached]
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. (1996). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sunypress.edu/p-2293-situating-selves.aspx"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \cb7 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Situating selves: The communication of social identity in American scenes
\f2\i0 .}}\cf8 \cb7 \strokec8  \cf0 \strokec2 State University of New York Press.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. (1996). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/641314/Naturalizing_communication_and_culture"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Naturalizing communication and culture.}} In Cantrill, G. J. & Oravec, L. C. (Eds.), 
\f3\i The symbolic earth: Discourse and our creation of the environment
\f2\i0  (pp. 38-57). University Press of Kentucky.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. (1995). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/229708237_A_Role_for_Communication_Theory_in_Ethnography_and_Cultural_Analysis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The ethnographic communication theory of Gerry Philipsen and associates.}} In Cushman, P. D. & Branislav Kova\uc0\u269 i\u263 , B. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Watershed research traditions in human communication theory
\f2\i0  (pp. 269\'96297). State University of New York Press.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. (1989). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/292813730_Fifty_terms_for_talk_A_cross-cultural_study"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Fifty terms for talk: A cross-cultural study.}} 
\f3\i International and Intercultural Communication Annual
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 13
\f2\i0 , 93-120.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. (1988). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/641297/Talking_American_cultural_discourses_on_Donahue"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Talking American: Cultural discourses on \'93Donahue\'94
\f2\i0 .}} Ablex.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Carbaugh, D., & Cerulli, \cf6 \strokec6 T. \cf5 \strokec5 (2017). Cultural discourse analysis. In Y. Y. Kim (Gen. Ed.) & K. \cf6 \strokec6 L. \cf5 \strokec5 McKay-Semmler (Assoc. Ed.), 
\f3\i The \cf6 \strokec6 international encyclopedia of \cf5 \strokec5 intercultural \cf6 \strokec6 communi\cf5 \strokec5 cation 
\f2\i0 (pp. 1-9). John Wiley & Sons. doi: I0.1002\cf9 \strokec9 /\cf5 \strokec5 9781118783665.ieicc0l l 7
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Carbaugh, D., Winter, U., Molina-Markham, E., van Over, B., Lie, S., & Grost, T. (2016). A model for investigating cultural dimensions of communication in the car. 
\f3\i Theoretical Issues in Ergonomics Science
\f2\i0 , 17(3), 304-323.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Carbaugh, D., & Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2015). Ethnography of communication. In K. Tracy (Ed.). 
\f3\i International encyclopedia of language and social interaction 
\f2\i0 (pp. 537-552). Wiley-Blackwell.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Carbaugh, D., & Cerulli, T. (2013).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/271672799_Cultural_Discourses_of_Dwelling_Investigating_Environmental_Communication_as_a_Place-based_Practice"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Cultural discourses of dwelling: Investigating environmental communication as a place-based practice.}} 
\f3\i Environmental Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 7
\f2\i0 (1), 4\'9623. doi.org/10.1080/17524032.2012.749296
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. & van Over, B. (2013). Interpersonal pragmatics and cultural discourse. 
\f3\i Journal of Pragmatics
\f2\i0 , 58, 142-145.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D., Nuciforo, E. V., Molina-Markham, E., and van Over, B. (2011). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://csc.sagepub.com/content/11/2/153.short"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Discursive reflexivity in the ethnography of communication: Cultural discourse analysis.}} 
\f3\i Cultural Studies <-> Critical Methodologies
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  11
\f2\i0 , 153-164.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D., Winter, W., van Over, B., Molina-Markham, E., & Lie, S. (2013). Cultural analyses of in-car communication. 
\f3\i Journal of Applied Communication Research
\f2\i0 , 41(2), 195-201.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. & Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2011). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/290572342_Discourse_beyond_language_Cultural_rhetoric_revelatory_insight_and_nature"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Discourse beyond language: Cultural rhetoric, revelatory insight, and nature.}} In Meyer, C. & Girke, F. (Eds.), 
\f3\i The Rhetorical Emergence of Culture 
\f2\i0 (pp. 101-118). Berghahn Books.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D., Boromisza-Habashi, D., and Ge, X. (2006).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/14136099/Dialogue_in_Cross-cultural_Perspective_Deciphering_Communication_Codes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Dialogue in cross-cultural perspective: Deciphering communication codes.}} In Aalto, N. & Reuter, E. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Aspects of Intercultural Dialogue: Theory, Research, Applications 
\f2\i0 (pp. 27-46). Saxa Verlag.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D., Gibson, A. T., Milburn, T. (1997). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.academia.edu/641317/A_view_of_communication_and_culture_Scenes_in_an_ethnic_cultural_center_and_private_college"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 A view of communication and culture: Scenes in an ethnic cultural center and a private college.}} In Kova\uc0\u269 i\u263 , B. (Ed.). 
\f3\i Emerging theories of human communication
\f2\i0  (pp. 1-24). State University of New York Press.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Carbaugh, D. & Hastings, O. S. (1992). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/229708237_A_Role_for_Communication_Theory_in_Ethnography_and_Cultural_Analysis"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 A role for communication theory in ethnography and cultural analysis.}} 
\f3\i Communication Theory
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 2
\f2\i0 , 156-165.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Covarrubias, P. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rowman.com/ISBN/9780742511194/Culture-Communication-and-Cooperation-Interpersonal-Relations-and-Pronominal-Address-in-a-Mexican-Organization"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Culture, communication, and cooperation: Interpersonal relations and pronominal address in a Mexican organization
\f2\i0 .}} Rowman and Littlefield.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Coutu, L. (2008). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/08351810802467845"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Contested social identity and communication in text and talk about the Vietnam War. }}
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 41
\f2\i0 (4), 387\'96407. DOI:10.1080/08351810802467845
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Coutu, L. M. (2000). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1207/S15327973RLSI3302_3"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Communication codes of rationality and spirituality in the discourse of and about Robert S. McNamara\'92s In Retrospect.}} 
\f3\i Research on Language & Social Interaction
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  33
\f2\i0 (2), 179\'96211.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Coutu, L. M. (1994). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/ED373383.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Feminist methodologies and the ethnography of communication.}} (unpublished manuscript).
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Danziger, R. & Kampf, Z. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://brill.com/view/journals/jocp/2/2/article-p137_1.xml"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Interpretive constructs in contrast: The case of flattery in Hebrew and in Palestinian Arabic.}} 
\f3\i Contrastive Pragmatics
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 2
\f2\i0 (2), 137-167.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Dori-Hacohen, G. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://scholarworks.umass.edu/communication_faculty_pubs/96/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Hitlahamut\'94: A term for unreasonable populist public talk in Israel.}} 
\f3\i Discourse and Society
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 30
\f2\i0 (2), 135-153.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Dori-Hacohen, G. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0957926518816193"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The tokbek as an Israeli term for talk: The potential for democratic carnival and the defective democratic reality.}} 
\f3\i Israel studies in language and society
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 9
\f2\i0 (1-2), 164-183. (Hebrew).
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Dori-Hacohen, G. & Shavit, N. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://scholarworks.umass.edu/communication_faculty_pubs/95/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The cultural meanings of Israeli tokbek (talk-back online commenting) and their relevance to the online democratic public sphere.}} 
\f3\i International Journal of Electronic Governance
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 6
\f2\i0 (4), 361-379.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Dunsmore, K. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/08821127.2020.1830626"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 On the edge of the American Revolution: The Nova Scotia Gazette in 1775.}} 
\f3\i American Journalism
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 37
\f2\i0 (4), 525-545. doi.org/10.1080/08821127.2020.1830626
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Dunsmore K. & Hickerson, A. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ijoc.org/index.php/ijoc/article/view/11842"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Refugees and national identity in letters to the editor. }}
\f3\i International Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 14
\f2\i0 , 3458\'963477.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Dunsmore, K. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rowman.com/ISBN/9781683932192/Discourse-of-Reciprocity-The-Role-of-the-Press-in-the-US-Canada-Alliance"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Discourse of reciprocity: The role of the press in the US-Canada alliance
\f2\i0 .}} FDU Press, imprint of Rowman & Littlefield.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Dunsmore, K. & Haspel, K. C. (2014). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/273807720_Bringing_class_to_light_and_lifeA_Case_Study_of_Reality-based_Television_Discourse"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Bringing class to light and life: A case study of reality-based television discourse.}} 
\f3\i Discourse, Context and Media
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 6
\f2\i0 , 45\'9653. DOI:10.1016/j.dcm.2014.08.007.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Dunsmore, K., Turns, J. & Yellin, J. (2011). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/264330450_Looking_Toward_the_Real_World_Student_Conceptions_of_Engineering"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Looking toward the real world: Student conceptions of engineering.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Engineering Education
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 100
\f2\i0 (2), 329-348.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Dunsmore, K. & Lagos, T. (2008). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/233210871_Politics_media_and_youth_Understanding_political_socialization_via_video_production_in_secondary_schools"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Politics, media and youth: Understanding political socialization via video production in secondary schools.}} 
\f3\i Learning, Media, and Technology
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 33
\f2\i0 (1), 1-10.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Fitch, L. K. (1998). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Speaking-Relationally-Communication-Interpersonal-Relationships/dp/1572303050"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speaking relationally: Culture, communication, and interpersonal connection
\f2\i0 .}} Guilford.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Fitch, L. K. (1994). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/333562236_ANALYSIS_OF_A_SELECTED_BARGAIN_DISCOURSE_USING_DELL_HYMES'_SPEAKING_MODEL"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The issue of selection of objects of analysis in ethnographies of speaking.}} 
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 27
\f2\i0 , 51-93.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Gilbertz, S., & Milburn, T. (2011). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cambriapress.com/cambriapress.cfm?template=4&bid=437"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Citizen Discourse on Contaminated Water, Superfund Cleanups, and Landscape Restoration: (Re)making Milltown, Montana}}. Cambria Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Griefat, Y. & Katriel, T. (1989).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/294697269_Life_Demands_'Musayara'_Communication_and_Culture_among_Arabs_in_Israel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Life demands \'93musayara\'94: Communication and culture among Arabs in Israel.}}
\f3\i International & Intercultural Communication Annual
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 13
\f2\i0 , 121-138.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hahn, C., Jorgenson, J., & Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2011){\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.openedition.org/educationdidactique/1167"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 . A curious mixture of passion and reserve: Understanding the etic/emic distinction.}} 
\f3\i \'c9ducation et Didactique
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  5
\f2\i0 (3), 145-154.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Hart, T. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/1050651916636363"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Learning how to speak like a \'93native\'94: Speech and culture in an online communication training program.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Business and Technical Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 30
\f2\i0 (3), 285-321.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Hart, T. (2012). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digital.lib.washington.edu/researchworks/handle/1773/20665?show=full"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 (Re)negotiating speech codes in an online language learning community}} (Unpublished doctoral dissertation). University of Washington.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Hastings, S. & Milburn, T. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17513057.2019.1575452"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Olfaction and emotion: The quest for olfactory restoration in two speech communities.}} 
\f3\i Journal of International and Intercultural Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 12
\f2\i0 (2), 190-207. DOI: 10.1080/17513057.2019.1575452
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Heimann, G.\'a0 & Kampf, Z.(2021). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/1050651916636363"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0271530921000252"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Flattery helps\'94: Relational practices in Statecraft}}. 
\f3\i Language and Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 79
\f2\i0 , 22-32.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Heimann, G. & Kampf, Z. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/0010836720979012"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 What makes them tick: Challenging the Impersonal Ethos in IR}}. 
\f3\i Cooperation and Conflict
\f2\i0 . DOI:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1177/0010836720979012"}}{\fldrslt \cf10  https://doi.org/10.1177/0010836720979012}}
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Hickerson, A. & Dunsmore, K. (2016).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275022244_Locating_Refugees_A_media_analysis_of_refugees_in_the_United_States_in_World_Refugee_Day_coverage"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Locating refugees: A media analysis of refugees in the United States in \'93World Refugee Day\'94 coverage.}}
\f3\i  Journalism Practice
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 10
\f2\i0 (3), 424-438.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Ho, E. (2006). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/233330989_Behold_the_Power_of_Qi_The_Importance_of_Qi_in_the_Discourse_of_Acupuncture"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Behold the power of qi: The importance of qi in the discourse of acupuncture.}} 
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 39
\f2\i0 , 411-440.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Ho, E., Lie, S., Luk, P. L., and Dutta, M. J. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/334646460_Speaking_of_Health_in_Singapore_Using_the_Singlish_Term_Heaty"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speaking of health in Singapore using the Singlish term \'93heaty\'94.}} In Milburn, T.\'a0 & Scollo, M. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Engaging and Transforming Global Communication Through Cultural Discourse Analysis: A Tribute to Donal Carbaugh
\f2\i0 . Rowman & Littlefield.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Hymes, D. (1974). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.upenn.edu/pennpress/book/934.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Foundations in sociolinguistics: an ethnographic approach
\f2\i0 .}} University of Pennsylvania Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1974). Ways of speaking. In Bauman, R. & Sherzer, J. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Explorations in the Ethnography of Speaking
\f2\i0  (pp. 433-451). Cambridge University Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1973). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jstor.org/stable/20024146"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speech and language: on the origins and foundations of inequality among speakers.}}
\f3\i Daedalus
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 102
\f2\i0 (3), 59-85.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1972). Models of the interaction of language and social life. In Gumperz, J. & and Hymes, D. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Directions in Sociolinguistics: the Ethnography of Communication
\f2\i0  (pp. 35-71). Holt, Rinehart and Winston.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1972). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wwwhomes.uni-bielefeld.de/sgramley/Hymes-2.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 On communicative competence.}} In Pride, J. B. & Holmes, J. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Sociolinguistics: Selected Readings 
\f2\i0 (pp. 269-273). Penguin.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1971). Sociolinguistics and the ethnography of speaking. In Ardener, E. (Ed.), 
\f3\i Social Anthropology of Language
\f2\i0  (pp. 47-93). Tavistock.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1967). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://spssi.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1540-4560.1967.tb00572.x"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Models of the interaction of language and social setting.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Social Issues
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 23
\f2\i0 (2), 8-28.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1964). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jstor.org/stable/668159"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Introduction: Toward ethnographies of communication.}} In Gumperz, J. & Hymes, D. (Eds.), The ethnography of communication. 
\f3\i American Anthropologist
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 66
\f2\i0 (6), 1-34.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Hymes, D. (1962). The ethnography of speaking. In Gladwin, T. & Sturtevant, C. W. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Anthropology and Human Behavior
\f2\i0  (pp. 13-53). Anthropology Society of Washington.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Kaplan-Weinger, J., & Ullman, C. (2015). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.routledge.com/Methods-for-the-Ethnography-of-Communication-Language-in-Use-in-Schools/Kaplan-Weinger-Ullman/p/book/9780415517775"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Methods for the ethnography of communication: Language in use in schools and communities
\f2\i0 .}} Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Kampf, Z. (2015).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://benjamins.com/catalog/bct.93.05kam"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  The politics of being insulted: the uses of hurt feelings in Israeli public discourse}}. 
\f3\i Journal of Language Aggression and Conflict
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 3
\f2\i0 (1), 107-127.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Kampf, Z. & Hamo, M. (2015).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1750481315576840"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Children talking television: The salience and functions of media content in child peer interactions}}. 
\f3\i Discourse and Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 9
\f2\i0 (4), 465-485.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Kampf, Z. & Blum-Kulka, S. (2011).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/261848135_Why_Israeli_Children_are_better_at_Settling_Disputes_than_Israeli_Politicians"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Why Israeli children are better at settling disputes than Israeli politicians?}}In Bargiela-Chiappini, F. & K\'e1d\'e1r, D. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Politeness Across Cultures
\f2\i0  (pp. 85-105). Palgrave Macmillan.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Kampf, Z. & Blum-Kulka, S. (2007). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240751241_Do_Children_Apologize_to_Each_Other_Apology_Events_in_Young_Israeli_Peer_Discourse"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Do children apologize to each other? Apology events in young Israeli peer discourse.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Politeness Research
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  3
\f2\i0 (1), 11-27.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Katriel, T. (2021). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.routledge.com/Defiant-Discourse-Speech-and-Action-in-Grassroots-Activism/Katriel/p/book/9781138895737"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Defiant discourse: Speech and action in grassroots activism}}. Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Katriel, T.\'a0 (2016).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/293334137_The_Metapragmatics_of_Direct_Utterances"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  The metapragmatics of direct utterances.}} In Alessandro, C. & Mey, J. L. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Interdisciplinary Studies in Pragmatics, Culture
\f2\i0  
\f3\i and Society
\f2\i0  (pp. 745-766). Springer.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Katriel, T. (2015). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dropbox.com/s/oj2mbgjr6q7l2he/Katriel%20-%202015%20-%20Expanding%20Ethnography%20of%20Communication%20Research%20T.pdf?dl=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Expanding ethnography of communication research: Towards ethnographies of encoding.}}
\f3\i Communication Theory
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 25
\f2\i0 (4), 454-459.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Katriel, T. (2015). Dugri. In Tracy, K. et al. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Encyclopedia of Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0  (pp. 493-498). Blackwell.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Katriel, T. (2012). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240698235_Doing_Narrative_Research_Analysing_Personal_Stories_Line_by_Line"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Analyzing the social life of personal experience stories.}} In Holstein, J. & Gubrium, J. F. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Varieties of Narrative Analysis
\f2\i0  (pp. 273-291). Sage.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (2010). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dropbox.com/s/oihapw6k2sqcs2f/Katriel%20-%202010%20-%20Lessons%20Learned.pdf?dl=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Lessons learned}} (unpublished manuscript).\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (2007). [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/17870564/Katriel_T_2007_Review_of_Patricia_Covarrubias_Culture_Communication_and_Cooperation_Interpersonal_Relations_and_Pronominal_Address_in_a_Mexican_Organization_Lanham_Maryland_Rowman_and_Littlefield_2005_International_Journal_of_Communication_1_83_85"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Review of the book 
\f3\i Culture, Communication and Cooperation: Interpersonal Relations and Pronominal Address in a Mexican Organization
\f2\i0 , by P. Covarrubias}}]. 
\f3\i International Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 1
\f2\i0 , 83-85.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (2010). Communication as a cultural category. In Allan, S. (Ed.), 
\f3\i Rethinking Communication: Keywords in Communication Research
\f2\i0  (pp. 2-4). Hampton Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (2004). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.nl/Dialogic-Moments-Israeli-Folklore-Anthropology/dp/B007HWH3JA"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Dialogic Moments: From soul talks to talk radio in Israeli culture}}
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 (Raphael Patai series on Jewish Folklore and Ethnography). Wayne State University Press.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1999). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.booksefer.co.il/index.php?dir=site&page=catalog&op=item&cs=32033&category="}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Keyword: Patterns of culture and communication in Israel}} (a Hebrew selection of twelve essays covering and integrating work previously published in English). University of Haifa Press & Zmora-Bitan.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1998). [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/230321163_Review_of_M_Silverstein_G_Urban_eds_Natural_Histories_Of_Discourse_Chicago_U_Press_1996"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Review of the book 
\f3\i Natural Histories of
\f2\i0  
\f3\i Discourse
\f2\i0  by M. Silverstein & G. Urban}}]. 
\f3\i Journal of Linguistic Anthropology
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 8
\f2\i0 (1), 111-113.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1997). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.routledge.com/Performing-the-Past-A-Study-of-Israeli-Settlement-Museums/Katriel/p/book/9780805816587"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Performing the past: A study of Israeli settlement museums
\f2\i0 .}} Lawrence Erlbaum.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1994). Dugri speech. In Asher, R. E. (Ed.), 
\f3\i Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics
\f2\i0  (pp. 1069-1071). Pergamon Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1993). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1207/s15327973rlsi2601_2"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Lefargen\'94: A study in Israeli semantics of social relations}}. 
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 26
\f2\i0 (1), 31-53.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1991). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Communal-Webs-Communication-Contemporary-Anthropology/dp/0791406458"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Communal webs: Communication and culture in contemporary Israel
\f2\i0  }}(cross-listed in series on anthropology and Judaic studies, and series on human communication processes). SUNY Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1990). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/08351819009389335"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Sodot\'94: Secret\uc0\u8208 sharing as a social form among Israeli children.}} 
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 24
\f2\i0 , 141-157.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1988/89). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/336722845_Collecting_as_a_Cultural_and_Psychological_Phenomenon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Haxlafot\'94: Rules and strategies in children\'92s swapping exchanges.}} 
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 22
\f2\i0 , 157-178.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1988). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/249103567_Gibush_The_Rhetoric_of_Cohesion_in_Israeli_School_Culture"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Gibush\'94: A study in Israeli cultural semantics.}} 
\f3\i Anthropological Linguistics
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 30
\f2\i0 (2), 199-213.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1987). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00335638709383818"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Rhetoric in flames: \'93Fire inscriptions\'94 in Israeli youth movement ceremonials.}} 
\f3\i The Quarterly Journal of Speech
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 73
\f2\i0 , 444-459.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1987). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/language-in-society/article/bexibudim-ritualized-sharing-among-israeli-children/3AA09A4A83932748FBFD4A45BD1310C1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Bexibudim!\'94: Ritualized sharing among Israeli children.}} 
\f3\i Language in Society
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 16
\f2\i0 , 305-320.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1986). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dropbox.com/s/3sy8kj9n1cabelf/Katriel%20-%201986%20-%20Talking%20Straight.pdf?dl=0"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Talking straight: Dugri speech in Israeli sabra culture}}
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 (series on the social and cultural foundations of Language). Cambridge University Press. [Full text attached]
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1985). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/language-in-society/article/brogez-ritual-and-strategy-in-israeli-childrens-conflicts/0D99732D0EE74B3118FE65265D1DC1AE"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Brogez\'94: Ritual and strategy in Israeli children\'92s conflicts.}} 
\f3\i Language in Society
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i 14
\f2\i0 , 467-490.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. (1985). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/294427919_Griping_as_a_Verbal_Ritual_in_some_Israeli_Dscourse"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Griping\'94 as a verbal ritual in some Israeli discourse.}} In M. Dascal (ed.) 
\f3\i Dialogue: An Interdisciplinary Approach
\f2\i0 .\'a0 Amsterdam: John Benjamins, 373-387.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Katriel, T. & Gutman, Y. (in press). \'93Where do you do holocaust day?\'94 \'93Zikaron basalon\'94 as an alternative commemoration ritual. In H. Hazan, R. Shar\'92abi, and I. Cicourel (Eds.), 
\f3\i Betwixt and between: Ritual and text in a changing society
\f2\i0 . (Hebrew).
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Katriel, T. & Livio, O. (2019). When discourse matters: Temporality in discursive action. In Scollo, M. & Milburn, T. (Eds.), 
\f3\i \cf11 \strokec11 Engaging and Transforming Global
\f2\i0 \cf0 \strokec2  
\f3\i \cf11 \strokec11 Communication through Cultural Discourse Analysis
\f2\i0 (\cf0 \strokec2 pp. 57-72). Rowman & Littlefield.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Katriel, T. & Shavit, N. (2013). \'93{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dropbox.com/s/56a24q07jlaesi6/Tamar%20Katriel%20and%20Shavit%20Nimrod%20-%20Speaking%20out%20Testimonial%20rhetoric%20in%20Israeli%20sold.pdf?dl=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speaking out\'94: Testimonial rhetoric in Israeli soldiers\'92 dissent.}} 
\f3\i Versus: Quaderni di Studi Semiotici
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 116
\f2\i0 , 81-105.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. & Nesher, P. (1986). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/249103567_Gibush_The_Rhetoric_of_Cohesion_in_Israeli_School_Culture"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Gibush: The rhetoric of cohesion in Israeli school culture.}} 
\f3\i Comparative Education Review
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 30
\f2\i0 , 216-231.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Katriel, T. & Philipsen, G. (1981). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dropbox.com/s/k6cvfzuhel0svak/Katriel%20and%20Philipsen%20-%201981%20-%20%E2%80%9CWhat%20we%20need%20is%20communication%E2%80%9D%20%E2%80%9CCommunication%E2%80%9D%20a.pdf?dl=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93What we need is communication\'94: \'93Communication\'94 as a cultural category in some American speech.}} 
\f3\i Communication Monographs
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 48
\f2\i0 , 301-317.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Kotani, M. (2017). Dynamic nature of boundaries of speech communities: Learning and negotiating codes in intercultural communication. 
\f3\i Journal of Intercultural Communication Research, 46,
\f2\i0 \'a0 463-477. Oxford, England: Routledge. 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \uc0\u8203 \u8203 
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Kotani, M. (2016). Two codes for remedying problematic situations: Japanese and English speakers\'92 views of explanations and apologies in the United States. 
\f3\i Journal of Intercultural Communication Research, 45,
\f2\i0  126-144
\f3\i\fs24 .
\f2\i0  
\fs29\fsmilli14667 Oxford, England: Routledge.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb7 Kotani, M. (2008). Reinforced codes and boundaries: Japanese speakers\'92 remedial episode avoidance in problematic situations with \'93Americans.\'94 
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction, 41, 
\f2\i0 339-363. New York/London: Routledge.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2019). Thick description. In Atkinson, P., Delamont, S., Hardy, A. M., and Williams, M. (Eds.), 
\f3\i SAGE Research Methods: Foundations
\f2\i0 . DOI: 10.4135/9781526421036765746
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://listserv.linguistlist.org/pipermail/ethnocomm/attachments/20160201/bcde0b5b/attachment-0001.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Further expansions of ethnography of communication research: A response to Katriel}}. 
\f3\i Ethnocomm E-Seminar
\f2\i0  (pp. 1-9).\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2015). Thick description. In K. Tracy, C. Ilie & T. Sandel (Eds.),
\f3\i  International encyclopedia of language and social interaction
\f2\i0  (vol. 3, pp. 1515-1520). John Wiley & Sons. DOI: 10.1002/9781118611463/wbielsi072
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2010). The emergence of language and social interaction research as a specialty. In W. Leeds-Hurwitz (Ed.), 
\f3\i The social history of language and social interaction research: People, places, ideas
\f2\i0 (pp. 3-60). Hampton Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (Ed.). (2010). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hamptonpress.com/Merchant2/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Product_Code=978-1-57273-826-3"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The social history of language and social interaction research: People, places, ideas
\f2\i0 .}} Hampton Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2009). Social interaction theories. In S. Littlejohn & K. Foss (Eds.), 
\f3\i Encyclopedia of communication theory
\f2\i0  (pp. 899-905). Sage.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240969824_Making_marriage_visible_Wedding_anniversaries_as_the_public_component_of_private_relationships"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Making marriage visible: Wedding anniversaries as the public component of private relationships.}} 
\f3\i Text
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  25
\f2\i0 (5), 595-631.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (Ed.). (2005). Celebrating anniversaries: Marking accomplishments over time. 
\f3\i Text 
\f2\i0 (special issue),
\f3\i  25
\f2\i0 (5).
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2004). Ethnography. In K. Fitch & R. Sanders (Eds.), 
\f3\i Handbook of language and social interaction
\f2\i0  (pp. 327-353). Lawrence Erlbaum Associates.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (2002). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.routledge.com/Wedding-as-Text-Communicating-Cultural-Identities-Through-Ritual/Leeds-Hurwitz/p/book/9780805811421"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Wedding as text: Communicating cultural identities through ritual
\f2\i0 .}} Lawrence Erlbaum.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (1993). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.routledge.com/Semiotics-and-Communication-Signs-Codes-Cultures/Leeds-Hurwitz/p/book/9780805811407"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Semiotics and communication: Signs, codes, cultures
\f2\i0 .}} Lawrence Erlbaum.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (1990). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/00335639009383904"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Culture and communication: A review essay.}} 
\f3\i Quarterly Journal of Speech
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  76
\f2\i0 , 85-96.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (1989). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Communication-Everyday-Life-Interpretation-Context/dp/0893915246"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Communication in everyday life: A social interpretation
\f2\i0 .}} Ablex.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (1987). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/08351818709389274"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The social history of the natural history of an interview: A multidisciplinary investigation of social communication.}} 
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  20
\f2\i0 , 1-51.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (1984). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/08351818409389191"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 On the relationship of the \'93ethnography of speaking\'94 to the \'93ethnography of communication\'94.}} 
\f3\i Papers in Linguistics: International Journal of Human Communication
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  17
\f2\i0 (1), 7-32.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leeds-Hurwitz, W. (1980). The use and analysis of uncommon forms of address: A business example. 
\f3\i Working Papers in Sociolinguistics
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  Number 80
\f2\i0 . [Revised for inclusion in Leeds-Hurwitz 1989]
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Leeds-Hurwitz, W., & Kendon, A. (2021). The Natural History of an Interview and the microanalysis of behavior in social interaction: A critical moment in research practice. In J. McElvenny & A. Ploder (Eds.), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://langsci-press.org/catalog/book/311"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Holisms of communication: The early history of audio-visual sequence analysis}} (pp. 145-200). Language Science Press.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Leighter, J., Rudnick, L., & Edmonds, T. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/263577330_How_the_Ethnography_of_Communication_Provides_Resources_for_Design"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 How the ethnography of communication provides resources for design.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Applied Communication Research
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 42
\f2\i0 (2), 209-215.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leighter, J. L., & Black, L. W. (2010). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/233462688_I'm_Just_Raising_the_Question_Terms_for_Talk_and_Practical_Metadiscursive_Argument_in_Public_Meetings"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93I\'92m just raising the question\'94: Terms for talk and practical metadiscursive argument in public meetings
\f3\i .}}
\f3\i  Western Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 74
\f2\i0 , 547-568.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leighter, J. L., Black, L. W., Cockett, L. S., & Jarmon, L. (2009). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/341075995_The_Practice_of_Public_Meetings_Introduction_to_the_Special_Issue"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The practice of public meetings: Introduction to the special issue
\f3\i .}}
\f3\i  International Journal of Public Participation
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 3
\f2\i0 (2), 1-13.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Leighter, J. L., & Castor, T. (2009). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.socolar.com/Article/Index?aid=200243285556&jid=200000079147"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 What are we going to \'93talk about\'94 in this public \'93meeting\'94?: An examination of talk about communication in the North Omaha Development Project. }}
\f3\i International Journal of Public Participation
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 3
\f2\i0 (2), 57-75.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Lie, S. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.helsinki.fi/sites/default/files/atoms/files/bridging_the_space_of_in-betweenness_asian_american_buddhist_identity_discourse.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Asian American Buddhist identity talk: Natural criticism of Buddhism in the U.S..}} 
\f3\i Journal of Communication and Religion
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  43
\f2\i0 (2), 6-21.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Lie, S. (2018). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/17513057.2017.1349920"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 How best to evangelize to nonbelievers: Cultural persuasion in American and Chinese Indonesian evangelical Christian discourse on relational evangelism
\f3\i .}}
\f3\i  Journal of International and Intercultural Communication
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  11
\f2\i0 (1), 42-57. DOI: 10.1080/17513057.2017.1349920.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Lie, S. (2016). Effective evangelism: Discourse surrounding best evangelical practices in a Chinese Indonesian Reformed Evangelical (CIREC) community in Boston, MA. In D. Carbaugh (ed.), 
\f3\i The
\f2\i0  
\f3\i handbook of communication in cross-cultural perspective (International Communication Association Series)
\f2\i0 . Taylor and Francis.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Lie, S., Boyraz, M., and Huang-Horowitz, N. (in press). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/304044316_Discourse_and_communication_in_organizations_Introduction"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 What does it mean to be a polytechnic university? Cultural discourse analysis of organizational identity.}} 
\f3\i Western Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 .\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Lie, S., & Sandel, T. (2020). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/341406518_Unwelcomed_Guests_Cultural_Discourse_Analysis_of_Comments_on_Ethnic_Chinese_in_Indonesian_Social_Media"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Unwelcomed guests: Cultural discourse analysis of comments on ethnic Chinese in Indonesian social media.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Chinese Overseas
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  16
\f2\i0 (1), 31-57.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Lie, S. & Shrikant, N. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ma.x-mol.com/paperRedirect/1358684213649817600"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Editors\'92 statement for special issue: Stretching the boundaries of international and intercultural communication studies.}} 
\f3\i Journal of International and Intercultural Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 12
\f2\i0 (2), 105-110. DOI: 10.1080/17513057.2019.1580381
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Lum, C. M. K. (1996). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.routledge.com/in-Search-of-A-Voice-Karaoke-and-the-Construction-of-Identity-in-Chinese/Lum/p/book/9780805819120"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 In search of a voice: Karaoke and the construction of identity in Chinese America
\f2\i0 .}}Lawrence Erlbaum.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Milburn, T. (2015). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rowman.com/ISBN/9781498506137/Communicating-User-Experience-Applying-Local-Strategies-Research-to-Digital-Media-Design"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Communicating user experience: Applying local strategies research to digital media design}}. Lexington Books.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Milburn, T. (2015). Speech community. In Tracy, K., Ilie, C., and Sandel, T. (Eds.), T
\f3\i he International Encyclopedia of Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0  (pp. 1-5). John Wiley & Sons. DOI: 10.1002/9781118611463.wbielsi040
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Milburn, T. (2009). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hamptonpress.com/Merchant2/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Product_Code=1-57273-882-0"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Nonprofit organizations: Creating membership through communication
\f2\i0 .}} Hampton Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Milburn, T., Kenefick, J., and Lambert, A. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/28683681/Facilitating_a_Board_of_Directors_Planning_Retreat_Not-for-Profit_Sensemaking"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Facilitating a board of directors\'92 planning retreat: Not-for-profit sensemaking.}} In Frey, L. (Ed.), 
\f3\i Facilitating Group Communication: Innovations and Applications with Natural Groups
\f2\i0  (pp.3-28). Hampton Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Milburn, T. (2004). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/307812622_Speech_Community_Reflections_Upon_Communication"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speech community: Reflections upon communication.}} In P. J. Kalbfleisch (Ed.). Communication Yearbook, 28, 410-440.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Milburn, T. (2002). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/34671810/Collaboration_and_the_construction_of_Puerto_Rican_community_pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Collaboration and the construction of Puerto Rican community.}} In Orbe, P. M., McDonald, T.,\'a0 and Ford-Ahmed, T. (Eds.),
\f3\i  Building Diverse Communities
\f2\i0  (pp.287-303). Hampton Press Inc.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Milburn, T., Wilkins, R., and Wolf, W. K. (2001). Reflexive moments: Negotiating researcher roles in participant observation. 
\f3\i Iowa Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 33
\f2\i0 , 106-123.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Milburn, T. (2000). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/28683652/Enacting_Puerto_Rican_time_in_the_United_States"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Enacting \'93Puerto Rican time\'94 in the United States.}} In Collier, J. M.(Ed.), Constituting Cultural Difference through Discourse (pp. 47-76). The International and Intercultural Communication Annual, 23. Sage Publications.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Molina-Markham, E. (2017). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.taylorfrancis.com/books/e/9781315709321/chapters/10.4324/9781315709321-45"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Drawing back to a sense of the whole\'94: Positioning practices in Quaker administrative meetings.}} In Carbaugh, D. (Ed.), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.routledge.com/The-Handbook-of-Communication-in-Cross-cultural-Perspective/Carbaugh/p/book/9781138892118"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf10 The Handbook of Communication in Cross-cultural Perspective}} (pp. 353-354). Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Molina-Markham, E. (2014).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tandfonline.com/eprint/gsZpkZm2jHQYgfuqPQMk/full"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Finding the \'93sense of the meeting\'94: Decision making through silence among Quakers.}} 
\f3\i Western Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  78
\f2\i0 (2), 155-174.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Molina-Markham, E. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://web.b.ebscohost.com/abstract?direct=true&profile=ehost&scope=site&authtype=crawler&jrnl=08942838&AN=98571804&h=uLw3MDd2m6w2KNNBA0MMrqTPZPejAdnHHCHs6dLL9aYH3Qyq6AqKA7OmdsGs%2bfY5idtSDXt%2bv6157FdPpN395Q%3d%3d&crl=c&resultNs=AdminWebAuth&resultLocal=ErrCrlNotAuth&crlhashurl=login.aspx%3fdirect%3dtrue%26profile%3dehost%26scope%3dsite%26authtype%3dcrawler%26jrnl%3d08942838%26AN%3d98571804"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Being spoken through: Quaker \'93vocal ministry\'94 and premises of personhood.}}
\f3\i Journal of Communication and Religion
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 36
\f2\i0 (3), 127-148
\f3\i .
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Molina-Markham, E. (2012).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/jbp/nari/2012/00000022/00000001/art00002"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Lives that preach: The cultural dimensions of telling one\'92s \'93spiritual journey\'94 among Quakers.}} 
\f3\i Narrative Inquiry
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  22
\f2\i0 (1), 3-23.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Noy, H. (2017). Ethnography of Communication. In Matthes, J. (Ed.), 
\f3\i The International Encyclopedia of Communication Research Methods 
\f2\i0 (pp. 1-11). Wiley-Blackwell & Sons. DOI: 10.1002/9781118901731.iecrm0089.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (2008). Speech codes theory. In Donsbach, W. (Ed.), 
\f3\i The international encyclopedia of communication 
\f2\i0 (Vol. X, pp. 4771\'964774). Blackwell.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (2008). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sk.sagepub.com/books/engaging-theories-in-interpersonal-communication/n20.xml"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speech codes theory and traces of culture in interpersonal communication.}} In Baxter, L. & Braithwaite, D. (Eds.), Engaging theories in interpersonal communication (pp. 269-280). Sage.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (2002). Cultural communication. In Gudykunst, B. W. &\'a0 Mody, B. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Handbook of international and intercultural communication
\f2\i0  (pp. 51-67). Sage.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (1997). A theory of speech codes. In Philipsen, G. & Albrecht, L. T. (Eds.), 
\f3\i Developing communication theories
\f2\i0  (pp. 119-156). State University of New York Press.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (1992). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sunypress.edu/p-1464-speaking-culturally.aspx"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speaking culturally: Explorations in social communication
\f2\i0 .}} State University of New York Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (1987). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/CHAPTER-18-%E2%80%93-The-Prospect-for-Cultural-Philipsen/a7f5c697123c8a082b9b1d00877f59deac50fb41"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The prospect for cultural communication.}} In Lawrence, D. K. (Ed.), 
\f3\i Communication theory: Eastern and Western perspectives
\f2\i0  (pp. 245-254). Academic.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (1977). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/01463377709369262"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Linearity of research design in ethnographic studies of speaking. }}
\f3\i Communication Quarterly
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 25
\f2\i0 , 42-50.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. (1975). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/233367468_Speaking_like_a_man_in_Teamsterville_Culture_patterns_of_role_enactment_in_an_urban_neighborhood"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speaking \'93like a man\'94 in Teamsterville: Culture patterns of role enactment in an urban neighborhood.}} 
\f3\i Quarterly Journal of Speech
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 61
\f2\i0 , 13-22.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Philipsen, G. & Hart, T. (2015).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://scholarworks.sjsu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1054&context=comm_pub"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Speech Codes Theory.}} \cb12 In (Eds.)? 
\f3\i \cb3 The International Encyclopedia of Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 . doi.org/10.1002/9781118611463.wbielsi178
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Philipsen, G, Coutu, M. L., and Covarrubias, P. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/33863330/Speech_Codes_Theory_Restatement_Revisions_and_Response_to_Criticisms"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Speech codes theory: Restatement, revisions, and a response to criticisms.}} In Gudykunst, B. W., (Ed.), 
\f3\i Theorizing about intercultural communication
\f2\i0  (pp. 33\'9669). Sage.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. & Coutu, M. L. (2005). The ethnography of speaking. In Robert E. Sanders, E. R. & Fitch, L. K (Eds.), 
\f3\i Handbook of research on language and social interaction
\f2\i0  (pp. 355-379). Erlbaum.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Philipsen, G. & Carbaugh, D. (1986). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/231847569_A_bibliography_of_fieldwork_in_the_ethnography_of_communication"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 A bibliography of fieldwork in the ethnography of communication.}}
\f3\i Language in Society
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 15
\f2\i0 , 387-397.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rossmann, L. C. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bookdepository.com/Transcending-Gangs-Liliana-Castaneda-Rossmann/9781612890975"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Transcending gangs: Latinas story their experience
\f2\i0 .}} Hampton Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Radford, M. L., Radford, G. P., Connaway, L. S., and DeAngelis, J. A. (2011). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.oclc.org/research/publications/2011/ethnography-of-communication-approach-live-chat-reference.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 On virtual face-work: An ethnography of communication approach to a live chat reference interaction.}} 
\f3\i Library Quarterly
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  81
\f2\i0 (4), 431-453.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Reijven, M. H., & Townsend, R. M.\'a0 (2021). Communicative competence and local theories of argumentation: The case of academic citational practices. In D. Hample (Ed.), 
\f3\i Local Theories of Argumentation
\f2\i0  (pp.497-503). Routledge. ISBN 9780367710354
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Rosenbaum, L., Winter. U. & van Over, B. (2018). Voice Persona Perceptions: Apologies in In-Car Speech Technologies. In M. Scollo & T. Milburn (Eds.) Cultural Discourse Analysis in Situated Contexts: A Tribute to Donal Carbaugh. Rowman & Littlefield.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Rudnick, L., & Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2017). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17447143.2017.1365079"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The emergence of a local strategies approach to human security.}}
\f3\i Journal of Multicultural Discourses, 12
\f2\i0 (4)
\f3\i ,
\f2\i0  382-398.DOI: 10.1080/17447143.2017.1365079
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Saville-Troike, M. (2002). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.wiley.com/en-ar/The+Ethnography+of+Communication%3A+An+Introduction%2C+3rd+Edition-p-9780470758229"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The ethnography of communication: An introduction
\f2\i0 .}} Wiley-Blackwell.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Scollo, M., & Milburn, T. (2019). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rowman.com/ISBN/9781683930389/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Engaging and transforming global communication through cultural discourse analysis: A tribute to Donal Carbaugh}}. Fairleigh Dickinson Press.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Sotirova, N. (2020). \'93Good job, but Bulgarian\'94: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/17513057.2020.1760919"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Identifying \'93Bulgarian-ness\'94 through cultural discourse analysis.}} 
\f3\i Journal of International and Intercultural Communication
\f2\i0 , 14(4), 1-18. DOI:10.1080/17513057.2020.1760919
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Sotirova, N. (2018).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/17513057.2018.1479439"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  A cry and an outcry: \'93Oplakvane\'94 (complaining) as a term for communication practice}}. 
\f3\i Journal of International and Intercultural Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 11
\f2\i0 (4), 304-323. DOI: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1080/17513057.2018.1479439"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 10.1080/17513057.2018.1479439}}
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Sotirova, N. (2016). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.taylorfrancis.com/chapters/edit/10.4324/9781315709321-16/oplakvane-complaining-teaches-us-communication-bulgarian-discourse"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 \'93Oplakvane\'94 [complaining] and what it teaches us about communication in Bulgarian discourse.}}\'a0 In Carbaugh, D. (ed.), 
\f3\i The
\f2\i0  
\f3\i handbook of communication in cross-cultural perspective 
\f2\i0 \cf4 \cb1 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 (International Communication Association Series). Taylor and Francis.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Sprain, L., van Over, B., & Morgan, E. L. (2016). Divergent meanings of community: Ethnographies of communication in water governance. In T. R. Peterson, H. L. Begea, A. M. Feldpausch-Parker & K. Raitio (Eds.), 
\f3\i Environmental communication and community: Constructive and destructive dynamics of social transformation
\f2\i0  (pp. 249-266). New York: Routledge.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Sprain, L., & Boromisza-Habashi, D. (Eds.) (2013).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/comm/56/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Ethnographers of communication in applied communication research.}} Special forum. 
\f3\i Journal of Applied Communication Research
\f2\i0 .\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sprain, L., & Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/263482148_The_Ethnographer_of_Communication_at_the_Table_Building_Cultural_Competence_Designing_Strategic_Action"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The ethnographer of communication at the table: Building cultural competence, designing strategic action. }}
\f3\i Journal of Applied Communication Research, 41
\f2\i0 (2)
\f3\i , 
\f2\i0 181-187. doi:10.1080/00909882.2013.782418\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sprain, L., & Boromisza-Habashi, D. (2012).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/254332735_Meetings_A_cultural_perspective"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Meetings: A cultural approach.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Multicultural Discourses
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 7
\f2\i0 , 179-189. doi:10.1080/17447143.2012.685743
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 Townsend, R. M. (2021). \'93Eligible to Be Heard\'94 in transportation planning. 
\f3\i Journal of Applied Communication Research
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 49
\f2\i0 (1), 3-23.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1080/00909882.2020.1849768"}}{\fldrslt \cf10  \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://DOI.org/10.1080/00909882.2020.1849768}}.\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Townsend, R. M. (2019). Speaking for another polis. 
\f3\i Iowa Journal of Communication
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 51
\f2\i0 (2), 177-205.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Townsend, R. M. (2018/2019). Deval Patrick on the power of rhetoric. 
\f3\i The Howard Journal of Communications,
\f2\i0  
\f3\i 30
\f2\i0 (3), 299-315
\f3\i ,
\f2\i0  online 11 Oct. 2018.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1080/10646175.2018.1491432"}}{\fldrslt \cf10  \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://doi.org/10.1080/10646175.2018.1491432}}.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Townsend, R. M. (2018). Trump\'92s Warsaw address, or how the \'93west\'94 was widened. Special issue on white supremacy in the age of Trump, 
\f3\i Journal of Contemporary Rhetoric
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 8
\f2\i0 (1/2), 84-106.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://contemporaryrhetoric.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/Townsend8_1_2_7.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://contemporaryrhetoric.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/Townsend8_1_2_7.pdf}}
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cb3 Townsend, R. M. (2017). Transporting communication: Community college students facilitate deliberation in their own communities. In T. J. Shaffer, N. V. Longo, I. Manosevitch, & N. S. Thomas (Eds.), 
\f3\i Deliberative pedagogy: Teaching and learning for democratic engagement
\f2\i0  (pp. 169-175). East Lansing, MI: Michigan State UP.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://muse.jhu.edu/book/52064"}}{\fldrslt \cf10  \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://muse.jhu.edu/book/52064}}\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Townsend, R. M. (2014). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/303894413_Mapping_Routes_to_Our_Roots_Student_Civic_Engagement_in_Transportation_Planning"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Mapping routes to our roots: Student civic engagement in transportation planning.}}In A. Traver & Z. P. Katz (Eds.), 
\f3\i Service-learning at the American community college: Theoretical and empirical perspectives
\f2\i0  (pp. 225-237). New York, NY: Palgrave Macmillan.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Townsend, R. M. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00909882.2013.782420"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Engaging \'93others\'94 in civic engagement through ethnography of communication}}. 
\f3\i Journal of Applied Communication Research
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 41,
\f2\i0  202-208.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Townsend, R. M. (2009). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/241730238_Town_Meeting_as_a_Communication_Event_Democracy's_Act_Sequence"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Town meeting as a communication event: Democracy\'92s act sequence. }}
\f3\i Research on Language and Social Interaction
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 42
\f2\i0 (1), 68-89.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Townsend, R. M. (2006). Widening the circumference of scene: Local politics, local metaphysics. 
\f3\i KBJournal,2
\f2\i0 (2), n.p. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.kbjournal.org/townsend"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\ul www.kbjournal.org/townsend}}.\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 van Over, B., Carbaugh, D., Winter, U., Molina-Markham, E. & Lie, S. (2019). 
\f3\i Communication in vehicles
\f2\i0 . DeGreuter.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 van Over, B. (2019). Evaluator in Chief. In J. McIntosh & N. Mendoza-Denton (Eds.) 
\f3\i Language in the Trump era
\f2\i0 . Cambridge University Press.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 van Over, B., Dori-Hacohen, G. & Winchatz, M. R. (2018). Policing the Boundaries of the Sayable: The Public Negotiation of Profane, Prohibited and Proscribed Speech. In M. Scollo & T. Milburn (Eds.) 
\f3\i Cultural Discourse Analysis in Situated Contexts: A Tribute to Donal Carbaugh
\f2\i0 . Rowman & Littlefield.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 van Over, B., Molina-Markham, E., Lie, S., & Carbaugh, D. (2016). Managing interaction with an in-car infotainment system. In N. Shaked & U. Winter (Eds.) 
\f3\i Design of multimodal mobile interfaces
\f2\i0  (pp. 145-168).\'a0 De Gruyter.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 van Over, B. (2014). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/259872333_Tracing_the_decay_of_a_communication_event_The_case_of_The_Daily_Show_Seat_of_Heat"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Tracing the decay of a communication event: The case of The Daily Show\'92s \'93Seat of Heat\'94.}}
\f3\i  Text & Talk
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 34
\f2\i0 (2), 187-208.doi.org/10.1515/text-2013-0043
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Verschueren, J. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/261142048_Ethnography_of_Communication_and_History_A_Case_Study_of_Diplomatic_Intertextuality_and_Ideology"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Ethnography of communication and history: A case study of diplomatic intertextuality and ideology.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Linguistic Anthropology
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  23
\f2\i0 (3), 142-159.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Wilkins, R. & Wolf, K. (2014). 
\f3\i Culture in Rhetoric
\f2\i0 . Peter Lang.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Wilkins, R., Wolf, K., & Milburn, T. (2005). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://repository.library.csuci.edu/bitstream/handle/10139/653/Milburn2008ExpressiveAbbyy.pdf?sequence=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Teaching \'93culture\'94 as an expressive practice.}} 
\f3\i Texas Speech Communication Journal
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 30
\f2\i0 (1), 86-88.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Witteborn, S., Milburn, T., & Ho, E. (2013). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/263577249_The_Ethnography_of_Communication_as_Applied_Methodology_Insights_from_Three_Case_Studies"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The ethnography of communication as applied methodology: Insights from three case studies.}} 
\f3\i Journal of Applied Communication Research
\f2\i0 , 
\f3\i 41
\f2\i0 (2), 188-194.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 Witteborn, S., & Sprain, L. (2009). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.researchgate.net/publication/341076507_Grouping_Processes_in_a_Public_Meeting_from_an_Ethnography_of_Communication_and_Cultural_Discourse_Analysis_Perspective"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Grouping processes in a public meeting from an ethnography of communication and cultural discourse analysis perspective.}} 
\f3\i International Journal of Public Participation, 3
\f2\i0 (2), 14-35.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Wolf, K., Milburn, T., & Wilkins, R. (2008).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.academia.edu/8852124/Expressive_practices_The_local_enactment_of_culture_in_the_communication_classroom"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4  Expressive practices: The local enactment of culture in the communication classroom.}} 
\f3\i Business Communication Quarterly
\f2\i0 ,
\f3\i  71
\f2\i0 (2), 171-183.}